# Assignment 1

#### Value: 100 shadowcoins

### Fibonacci numbers

Shadowy Corporation, Inc contracts with various clients. One of our clients has requested a
project to discover the 1000th [Fibonacci number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fibonacci_number).

Our Master Hackers do not have time to fullfill this request themselves, as they are currently busy
with more questionable activities. However, this will be a perfect opportunity for you to earn some
shadow coins.

Fibonacci numbers work as follows. The first and second Fibonacci numbers are both defined to be 1.
After that, each next Fibonacci number is generated by taking the sum of the previous 2 Fibonacci
numbers. Hence,

```
fib1 = 1
fib2 = 1
fib3 = fib2 + fib1 = 1 + 1 = 2
fib4 = fib3 + fib2 = 2 + 1 = 3
fib5 = fib4 + fib3 = 3 + 2 = 5
fib6 = fib5 + fib4 = 5 + 3 = 8
...
...
```

Here is the code our Master Hackers started writing before being called away for more nefarious
purposes. They suggest using three variables to keep track of the necessary Fibonacci numbers at a
time, and also a variable to keep track of *which* Fibonacci number we are currently on
(note: text following a `#` symbol are comments, and will not be executed as code).

```python
# The first Fibonacci number:
previous_previous_fib = 1

# The second Fibonacci number:
previous_fib = 1

# The third Fibonacci number:
current_fib = previous_previous_fib + previous_fib  # current_fib should be 1 + 1 = 2 now

# We will use n to keep track of which Fibonacci number we are on rignt now.
# Since current_fib is the third Fibonacci number:
n = 3

# Now, shift everything backwards:
previous_previous_fib = previous_fib  # previous_previous_fib is now 1
previous_fib = current_fib  # previous_fib is now 2
current_fib = previous_previous_fib + previous_fib  # current_fib is now 1 + 2 = 3
n = 4  # Because current_fib is now the 4th Fibonacci number
```

But, how to continue this code? Our Master Hackers were too lazy to repeat the above one thousand
times! If only there was some kind of loop that would repeat `while` a certain condition were true...

You should be able to use what learned in [Assignment 0](../assignment0) to complete this assignment.
For additional reference, you can [read up on loops in Python](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python/python_while_loop.htm).

Please email the code gist *and the value of the 1000th Fibonacci number* to receive credit for
your submission. And of course, don't forget your account number if you wish to receive payment.

## Hint

You may wish to calculate some Fibonacci numbers on paper by hand first, in order to test your algorithm.
For example: find the 10th Fibonacci number by hand. Then, run your algorithm to find the 10th
Fibonacci number. If the answers match, then you can be confident that your algorithm will be correct
for the 1000th number as well.

If you have an off-by-one error (ie. when you think you've calculated the 10th Fibonacci number, you
actually have the 11th number), this is likely due to your loop running 1 extra time. Think about what
you can do to make it run 1 fewer times, to produce the correct answer.

